Closes #5255: Update release notes structure (#5276)
az-digital/az_quickstart: RELEASES.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug-fix patch releases
```

|Type of change|Included in Bugfix Patch Releases|Included in Security Patch Releases|Included in LTS Patch Releases|
|---|:---:|:---:|:---:|
|**Arizona Quickstart (install profile, custom modules, theme)**|
|- Bug fixes|✅||✅|
|- Accessibility improvements|✅||✅|
|- Performance improvements|✅||✅|
|- Security updates or improvements|✅|✅|✅|
|- Critical institutional link changes (may include database updates)|✅||✅|
|- Critical brand changes (may include database updates)|✅||✅|
|- Additions and updates to experimental modules|✅|||
||**Included in Bugfix Patch Releases**|**Included in Security Patch Releases**|**Included in LTS Patch Releases**|
|**Third-party dependencies**|
|**Drupal core**|
|- Security updates|✅|✅|✅|
|- Patch-level releases*|✅|✅|✅|
|- Removal of no-longer-needed patches|✅|✅|✅|
|- Minor version updates**|||✅|
|**Drupal contrib projects**|
|- Security updates|✅|✅|✅|
|- Patch or minor version updates|✅| |✅|
|- Addition and removal of contrib modules or patches|✅||✅|
|- Removal of contrib modules that become unsupported|✅|✅|✅|
|**Other PHP or Javascript packages and libraries**|
|- Security updates|✅|✅|✅|
|- Patch or minor version updates|✅||✅|

> _*Patch-level releases are non-security bug fixes in Bugfix and LTS Patch releases. Patch-level releases are only necessary to stay current with Drupal core in Security Patch releases._

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_*Patch-level updates (non-security bug-fix updates) are typically included in Quickstart Bug-fix and LTS Patch releases. In the event of a security update for Drupal core, Drupal contrib projects or third party libraries, it may be necessary to include non-security patch-level updates (bug-fix updates) in Quickstart Security Patch releasees. Quickstart maintainers typically include non-security Drupal core bug-fix updates in Quickstart Security patch releases (proactively) in order to stay current with Drupal core._
```
